Create Term Entry for Python String function `.endswith()` (#537)
Codecademy/docs: content/python/concepts/strings/terms/endswith/endswith.md

---
Title: '.endswith()'
Description: 'Checks whether or not a string ends with a given value.'
Subjects:
  - 'Computer Science'
  - 'Data Science'
Tags:
  - 'Functions'
  - 'Methods'
  - 'Strings'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-python-3'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
  - 'paths/data-science'
---

The `.endswith()` method checks a value against a given string and returns `True` if the string ends with that value. Otherwise, it returns `False`.

## Syntax

```pseudo
string.endswith(value, start, end)
```

Given a `string`, the `.endswith()` method can be used in the following way:

The `value` is a required argument that is checked if it exists at the end of the `string`.  It is also case-sensitive.

Optionally, the `value` can be tested for whether it is at the end of a particular substring within the `string`. This is done within the `start` and `end` index arguments.

## Example

```py
example_str = "This is a string"

check_A = example_str.endswith("g")
check_B = example_str.endswith("s")
check_C = example_str.endswith("st", 5, 12)

print("A: ", check_A)
print("B: ", check_B)
print("C: ", check_C)

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
```

> 

Reviewer: Let's end the \```py code snippet here, add a new line, and then begin a new \```shell output snippet with the output lines (except for "# Output: ")

```
A: True
B: False
C: True
```

# Output A: True
# Output B: False
# Output C: True
```

> From the above example, for ```check_A``` the output is True as the ```.endswith()``` function checks whether the the string ```example_str``` ends with the character "g".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From the above example, for `check_A` the output is True as the `.endswith()` function checks whether the the string `example_str` ends with the character "g".
```

When referencing a piece of code inline, let's surround with just one backtick on each side. Three backticks should be used only for code snippets that span multiple lines.

Author: > When referencing a piece of code inline, let's surround with just one backtick on each side. Three backticks should be used only for code snippets that span multiple lines.

Understood, thank you!

---
Title: '.endswith()'
Description: 'Checks whether or not a string ends with a given value.'
Subjects:
  - 'Computer Science'
  - 'Data Science'
Tags:
  - 'Functions'
  - 'Methods'
  - 'Strings'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-python-3'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
  - 'paths/data-science'
---

The `.endswith()` method checks a value against a given string and returns `True` if the string ends with that value. Otherwise, it returns `False`.

## Syntax

```pseudo
string.endswith(value, start, end)
```

Given a `string`, the `.endswith()` method can be used in the following way:

- The required `value` argument, which is checked if it exists at the end of the `string`. It is also case-sensitive.

> - Optionally, the `value` can be tested for whether it is at the end of a particular substring within the `string` using the `start` and `end` index arguments.

Reviewer 2: Still thinking that we don't need those back ticks for string because we're referring to it as some value's data type rather than a required code component. Wondering about everyone's opinion on this @Dusch4593, @KTom101

Author: > Still thinking that we don't need those back ticks for string because we're referring to it as some value's data type rather than a required code component. Wondering about everyone's opinion on this @Dusch4593, @KTom101

I agree that we do not need them, my bad for that will update the file.

Author: @yangc95 is it fine now?

Reviewer 2: Perfecto 👌🏻 

Also, it's all good 😊 For context, we made a similar change in another entry. Just making sure it is consistent.

Reviewer 2: Oh shoot, but can we place those back on the value, start, and end keywords?

Author: > Oh shoot, but can we place those back on the value, start, and end keywords? @Pandz18

Yeah sure, sorry bout that.

Author: > Perfecto 👌🏻
> 
> Also, it's all good 😊 For context, we made a similar change in another entry. Just making sure it is consistent.

I understand 🙂

## Example

```py
example_str = "This is a string"

check_A = example_str.endswith("g")
check_B = example_str.endswith("s")
check_C = example_str.endswith("st", 5, 12)

print("A: ", check_A)
print("B: ", check_B)
print("C: ", check_C)
```

The output will look like this:

```shell
A: True
B: False
C: True
```

> From the above example, for `check_A` the output is True as the `.endswith()` function checks whether the the string `example_str` ends with the character "g".

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
From the above example, for `check_A` the output is `True` as the `.endswith()` function checks whether the `example_str` string ends with the character "g".
```

---
Title: '.endswith()'

> Description: 'Checks whether or not a string ends with the given value.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Description: 'Checks whether or not a string ends with a given value.'
```

Subjects:
  - 'Computer Science'
  - 'Data Science'
Tags:
  - 'Functions'
  - 'Methods'
  - 'Strings'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-python-3'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
  - 'paths/data-science'
---

> TThe `.endswith()` method returns `True` if a particular value is attached to the end of a given string. Otherwise, it returns `False`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `.endswith()` method checks a value against a given string and returns `True` if the value exists at the end of that string. Otherwise, it returns `False`.
```

## Syntax

> Given a  `string`, the `.endswith()` method can be used in the following way:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Given a `string`, the `.endswith()` method can be used in the following way:
```

> 

Reviewer: Was there a code snippet that was supposed to go here (using \```pseudo)? Something like this?

```pseudo
string.endswith(value, start, end)
```

The `value` is required argument that is checked for whether it exists at the beginning of the `string`.  It is also case-sensitive.

> Conversely, the `value` can be tested whether it is the end of a particular substring of `string` by using the optional `start` and `end` index arguments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Optionally, the `value` can be tested for whether it is at the end of a particular substring within the `string`. This is done within the `start` and `end` index arguments.
```

> ## Examples

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Example
```

The following checks for the value `g` at the end of the `example` string:

> 

Reviewer: I think it would. be better to consolidate these snippets into two: 

* One code snippet for the Python. \```py
* One output snippet for the printed boolean values. \```shell
* After the snippets should be 2-3 sentences explaining how each `check_` gets its value.

```py
example_str = "This is a string"

check_A = example_str.endswith("g")
check_B = example_str.endswith("s")
check_C = example_str.endswith("st", 5, 12)

print("A: ", check_A)
print("B: ", check_B)
print("C: ", check_C)
```

And the output would be:

```shell
A: True
B: False
C: True
```

Reviewer: Just looked at it and it's looking better! 👍 I left one more suggestion for the snippet below.

```py
example = "This is a string"
check = example.endswith("g")
print(check)

# Output: True
```

This example returns `False` after checking for the value `s`:

```py
example = "This is a string"
check = example.endswith("s")
print(check)

# Output: False
```

The following checks for `st` and has a starting index of `5` and an ending index of `12`:

```py
example = "This is a string"
check = example.endswith("st", 5, 12)
print(check)

# Output: True
```

> ## Codebyte example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Codebyte Example
```

> ```codebyte/py

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```codebyte/python
```

Reviewer: For regular snippets, let's use \```py and for Codebytes let's use \```codebyte/python

example_A = "This is a string"
check_A = example_A.endswith("ring")
print(check_A)

> // .endswith() is case-sensitive

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Let's avoid using comments in Codebytes whenever possible (this one was already mentioned earlier in the entry).

---
Title: '.endswith()'
Description: 'Checks whether or not a string ends with a given value.'
Subjects:
  - 'Computer Science'
  - 'Data Science'
Tags:
  - 'Functions'
  - 'Methods'
  - 'Strings'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-python-3'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
  - 'paths/data-science'
---

The `.endswith()` method checks a value against a given string and returns `True` if the string ends with that value. Otherwise, it returns `False`.

## Syntax

```pseudo
string.endswith(value, start, end)
```

Given a `string`, the `.endswith()` method can be used in the following way:

> The `value` is a required argument that is checked if it exists at the end of the `string`.  It is also case-sensitive.
> 
> Optionally, the `value` can be tested for whether it is at the end of a particular substring within the `string`. This is done within the `start` and `end` index arguments.

Reviewer 2: I think these read better as bullet points but I'm wondering about the general opinion on this @Dusch4593 @KTom101 @Pandz18 

If we decide to keep this in paragraph form, can we edit some of the wording?
```suggestion
The required `value` argument is checked if it exists at the end of the `string`.  It is also case-sensitive.

Optionally, the `value` can be tested for whether it is at the end of a particular substring within the `string` using the `start` and `end` index arguments.
```

Reviewer 3: @yangc95 I think it can be condensed a little and changed into bullet points. Something like below maybe? 🤔

```suggestion
-`value` is a required, case-sensitive argument that is checked for at the end of the `string`.

- `value` can also be tested with the optional `start` and `end` index arguments to test whether it is at the end of a particular substring within the `string`.
```

But I think it could also be kept as a paragraph, reworded, and remove line 25 which makes it sound like a list is going to be followed after.

Author: @yangc95 I would also think we can change it to a list. I can try to re-word it and will update it as soon as I can!

Reviewer 2: Cool, thanks for the input!

I also think line 25 can be improved upon by mentioning something about the parameters being passed in rather than just "using" the method in certain ways. Alternatively (which I agree with) we can also remove that line as @KTom101 suggested.

If line 25 is removed, I think the rest can stay in paragraph format 👌🏻

Author: > Cool, thanks for the input!
> 
> I also think line 25 can be improved upon by mentioning something about the parameters being passed in rather than just "using" the method in certain ways. Alternatively (which I agree with) we can also remove that line as @KTom101 suggested.
> 
> If line 25 is removed, I think the rest can stay in paragraph format 👌🏻

If it's fine with you, I can try to re-word it as a list and if you feel it would be better, leave it as is.

---

> Title: 'endswith()'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Title: '.endswith()'
```

Description: 'Checks whether or not a string ends with the given value.'
Subjects:
  - 'Computer Science'
  - 'Data Science'
Tags:
  - 'Functions'
  - 'Methods'
  - 'Strings'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-python-3'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
  - 'paths/data-science'
---

> The `endswith()` string method checks to see if a particular value is attached to the end of the string it is called on and returns a boolean value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `.endswith()` method returns `True` if a particular value is attached to the end of a given string. Otherwise, it returns `False`.
```

## Syntax

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

With a given `string`, the `.endswith()` method can be used in the following way:

```

```pseudo
string.endswith(value, start, end)
```

> ## Parameters
> 
> - `value` (required): value to be checked at the end of the string
> - `start` (optional): specifies the starting index
> - `end` (optional): specifies the ending index

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `value` is required argument that is checked for whether it exists at the beginning of the `string`. 

Conversely, the `value` can be tested whether it is the end of a particular substring of `string` by using the optional `start` and `end` index arguments.
```

> ## Example 1
> 
> Checking for the value `g` at the end of the string, `example`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Examples

The following ckecks for the value `g` at the end of the `example` string:
```

```py
example = "This is a string"
check = example.endswith("g")
print(check)

# Output: True
```

> ## Example 2
> 
> Checking for the value `s`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example returns `False` after checking for the value `s`:
```

```py
example = "This is a string"
check = example.endswith("s")
print(check)

# Output: False
```

> ## Example 3
> 
> Checking for the value `ring`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The next example returns `True` after checking for the value `ring`:
```

```py
example = "This is a string"
check = example.endswith("ring")
print(check)

# Output: True

> ```

Reviewer: I think we should go with just three non-codebyte example. Could we delete lines #55-65 here?

> ## Example 4

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

The following checks for `st` and has a starting index of `5` and an ending index of `12`:

```py
example = "This is a string"
check = example.endswith("st", 5, 12)
print(check)

# Output: True
```

> **Note:** The `endswith()` function is case-sensitive and is demonstrated by the example given below.
> 
> ## Example 5

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Codebyte example
```

> ```py

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```codebyte/py
```

> example = "This is a string"
> check = example.endswith("G")
> print(check)
> 
> # Output: False

Reviewer: ```suggestion
example_A = "This is a string"
check_A = example_A.endswith("ring")
print(check_A)

// .endswith() is case-sensitive
example_B = "This is a string"
check_B = example_B.endswith("G")
print(check_B)
```
